Combined navigation bar and list of bills (#66)
ios-course/link-team-project: CHANGELOG.md

- Navigation bar for screen `History of Operations` [#52](https://github.com/ios-course/link-team-project/pull/52)
- Bill list view for screen `History of Operations` [#43](https://github.com/ios-course/link-team-project/issues/43)
- `BlackRoundedRectangleButton`, `CircleWithPlusButton` button styles [#60](https://github.com/ios-course/link-team-project/pull/60)

> - `HistoryOfOperationsView` contains a navigation bar and a list with static data [#47](https://github.com/ios-course/link-team-project/issues/47)

Reviewer: nit:

This is not an addition, but the update.

> - `HistoryOfOperationsView` contains a navigation bar and a list with static data [#47](https://github.com/ios-course/link-team-project/issues/47)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `HistoryOfOperationsView` containing a navigation bar and a list with static data [#47](https://github.com/ios-course/link-team-project/issues/47)
```

Author: fixed. Used your suggestion below

> - `HistoryOfOperationsView` contains a navigation bar and a list with static data [#47](https://github.com/ios-course/link-team-project/issues/47)

Reviewer: nit:

I'd suggest to make it more clear.

```suggestion
- `HistoryOfOperationsView` screen where user can see the static list of operations/bills and navigate to the `AddBill` screen [#47](https://github.com/ios-course/link-team-project/issues/47)
```

Author: Your version looks better. I used it!
